Added quickstart guide for nhost.io (#3736)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/getting-started/nhost-simple.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Get started with Hasura using Nhost
   :keywords: hasura, docs, start, nhost

Quickstart with Nhost
======================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

This guide will help you get the Hasura GraphQL engine and Postgres running on `Nhost <https://www.nhost.io/pricing>`_.

Nhost is a managed backend service which includes the following:

-	Postgres

-	Hasura

-	Authentication

-	File storage

> It is the fastest way to get Hasura-based apps into production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a fast way way to get Hasura-based apps into production.
```
